what's up YouTube I'm going to make this
video as quick and efficient as possible
I want to give you the same vital
information to save you a lot of time in
the process as opposed to Washington 20
minute video of me rambling and still
getting the same information in the last
two minutes so I'm just going to Hamish
it out in the next three minutes and
give you five tips on how to get
shredded all right tip number one cancer
calories catcher Matt gross I don't care
who you are you can be Superman to Greek
god but you're not going to lose weight
the most optimal fashion and regards to
retaining muscle if you're not counting
your macros macros I mean protein fat
carbs for those that are unaware all
right to give yourself a planned refeed
day refeed day means you increase your
carbs and calories copper's generally by
fifty to a hundred percent and you
decrease your protein and fat and result
this kind of offsets and jumpstart your
metabolism a little bit and keeps it
from adapting the same number of
calories which could cause your way to
plateau over time you're over ten
percent excited give yourself a refeed
once every two weeks you're under ten
percent I'd say once every week all
right number three don't change up your
rep scheme from bulking and cutting so
if you lifted heavy when your bulk when
you're bulking left Teddy when you're
cutting the whole lifting high reps to
tone up thing is complete bullshit um
it's you're going to lose a lot of
muscle that way if you change up your
training style completely if anything
you can add some more high rep stuff at
the end of the workout but don't let
that take the place of your heavy weight
and heavy rep stuff okay number four
diet soda any type of zero calorie
drinks like propel zero calorie monsters
shit like that those are your best
friend when your diet dieting they help
fill you up they kind of cure your
hunger and appetite a little a little
bit and they have zero zero calories so
you're not doing any anything anything
bad the whole avoid diet soda because
the aspartame thing that's honestly like
bullshit if you have like certain
diseases it can be bad in excess so do
your research but uh for ninety-nine
percent of people it's not going to be
an issue I mean I know some critics have
claimed by side effects of aspartame in
the past but there's been a lot of
studies and research that have come out
since then it has not really given any
merit to those claims whatsoever so yeah
all right number five this doesn't
actually this more mental than anything
but I'd like to save food and calories
for night time when I'm like when I'm
dieting and I don't mean your body
processes them any differently at night
time but just it gives yourself a reward
at the end of day to look forward to
kind of and you know after a hard day of
working and working out just like
knowing you can come back and still eat
as opposed to being like I was eight
o'clock i'm done with calories for like
the night now i'm just fucking pissed
off and in a bad mood or something it's
kind of a way to reward yourself with
something to look forward to so it's
helped it's helped me in the past so
that's why i mention it all right that's
it video is over um you're interested in
one-on-one coaching my email is below
and for any other videos you want to see
in the future leave some comments below
also hit that subscribe button if you
want to thank you in advance and I will
talk to you guys next time thanks